Privacy Policy

I, iDevDO, consider the privacy of individuals the most importance than anything else when it comes to my apps & games in both Google Play Store and iOS App store. 
Here, I declare, to my knowledge that I do not collect any kind of information.

This includes any apps & games by me (as the privacy policy declared in all my apps & games in both Google Play Store and iOS App store), which are downloaded and the services consumed by you (user) via my apps and games.

This policy information may by updated time and time, as I include new apps, games & services, in future. So, you (user) are advised to visit the policy regularly for any changes. Rest assured, I will not introduce any services, games & apps that will violate the individual’s privacy.


Information Collection

I will NOT collect any sort of information from you (user)


Personal Information

I will NOT collect any sort of personal information from you, however, my advertising partners who places ads on my apps & games, may take you to another application (web, apps & games) that might ask you such information, only if you voluntarily agree to submit such information.



Non-personal Information

I will NOT collect any sort of non-personal information from you (user)



Terms Acceptance

By using any of the services offered, You (users) agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.


Contact

You can always contact me about this privacy policy or any other issues,

sudhakar.kanakaraj@outlook.com


Final Words

Also, I declare, as a developer who is thriving in the app economy, I support the development cost of my free apps and games by providing advertisements (banners, full-screen ads, audio, video, and other digital forms as declared and protected by ads suppliers). 
I, also, ensure the ads placed will not hamper the user experience you will go through in my apps & games, that is my secret sauce for the success which I will not compromise at any cost.

So, you get a complete privacy, a better user experience, and I get to support my development costs. It is a win-win situation for you (users) and me. Please always have a friendly attitude towards me, and my services, and write to me of anything, appreciation, suspicious events, uncomfortable situations. I will always be happy to address the issues.
